README.md, before:

# 🛍 Next Shopify Storefront

A **[Shopping Cart](https://github.com/Maxvien/next-shopify-storefront)** built with [TypeScript](https://www.typescriptlang.org), [Tailwind CSS](https://tailwindcss.com), [Headless UI](https://headlessui.com), [Next.js](https://nextjs.org), [React.js](https://react.dev), [Shopify Hydrogen React](https://shopify.dev/docs/api/hydrogen-react),... and [Shopify Storefront GraphQL API](https://shopify.dev/docs/api/storefront).

## Tutorials

- [How Do I Organize a Sustainable Next.js Project?](https://github.com/Maxvien/next-shopify-storefront/issues/68)
- [How Do I Handle Typesafe Modular Data Fetching in Next.js?](https://github.com/Maxvien/next-shopify-storefront/issues/69)
- [How Do I Interact Safely with GraphQL API in Next.js?](https://github.com/Maxvien/next-shopify-storefront/issues/70)

## Experience

These are my experiences when I have been working on this project:

- Designing & Building the [Storefront](https://github.com/maxvien/next-shopify-storefront) from Scratch.
- Creating [Next Utilities](https://www.npmjs.com/package/@maxvien/next) for Type-safe Modular Data Fetching.
- Creating [Shopify Utilities](https://www.npmjs.com/package/@maxvien/shopify) to Simplify Variant Selecting.
- Using [GraphQL Zeus](https://github.com/graphql-editor/graphql-zeus) to Interact with Storefront API.
- Using [Shopify Hydrogen](https://shopify.dev/docs/custom-storefronts/hydrogen-react) to Implement Storefront Features.
- Using [Tailwind CSS](https://tailwindcss.com/) & [Headless UI](https://headlessui.com/) to Build the Storefront UI.
- Using [Next.js](https://nextjs.org/) for Incremental Static Regeneration.
- Using [Next SEO](https://www.npmjs.com/package/next-seo) to Implement Search Engine Optimization.
- Using [TypeScript](https://www.typescriptlang.org/) to Safely Create React Hooks, and Components.
- Using [React Use](https://github.com/streamich/react-use) Hooks to Speed Up Component Development.
- Using [Swiper](https://swiperjs.com/) to Create Beautiful, Touchable, Responsive Sliders.
- Using [ESlint](https://eslint.org/), [Prettier](https://prettier.io/) to Follow Next.js Best Practices.

If you like this project, hit the **STAR** button to bookmark it ⭐️

[<img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/appcraftstudio/buymeacoffee/master/Images/snapshot-bmc-button.png" height="48"/>](https://www.buymeacoffee.com/maxvien)

## Demonstration

You can visit here to see the demo: https://next-shopify-storefront.vercel.app/

## Installation

Clone the source code into your computer.

```bash
git clone https://github.com/maxvien/next-shopify-storefront.git
```

Install the project's dependencies.

```bash
npm install
```

## Usage

First, you need to set the below environment variables in the `.env` file or your deployment platforms.

- `NEXT_PUBLIC_SHOPIFY_STORE_DOMAIN`
- `NEXT_PUBLIC_SHOPIFY_STOREFRONT_API_TOKEN`
- `NEXT_PUBLIC_SHOPIFY_STOREFRONT_API_VERSION`

You can follow the [Shopify Storefront GraphQL API](https://shopify.dev/api/storefront/getting-started) documentation to get Storefront API information.

### Develop

Develop the project in development mode.

```bash
npm run dev
```

### Build

Build the project in production mode.

```bash
npm run build
```

### Start

Start the project in production mode.

```bash
npm run start
```

### Lint

Analyze the code to find problems with `eslint` and `prettier`.

```bash
npm run lint
```

Automatically fix problems.

```bash
npm run fix
```

## Visual Studio Code Extensions

To speed up your productivity, you can install these extensions:

- [Eslint](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=dbaeumer.vscode-eslint)
- [Prettier](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=esbenp.prettier-vscode)
- [Visual Studio IntelliCode](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=VisualStudioExptTeam.vscodeintellicode)
- [Tailwind CSS IntelliSense](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=bradlc.vscode-tailwindcss)
- [PostCSS Language Support](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=csstools.postcss)

## Related Projects

- **[Shopify Data Faker](https://github.com/Maxvien/shopify-data-faker)** • A Shopify development tool for generating dummy store data.
- **[Bootstrap Shopify Theme](https://github.com/Maxvien/bootstrap-shopify-theme/tree/v1)** • A free Shopify Theme built with Bootstrap, BEM, Liquid, Sass, ESNext, Theme Tools, ... and Webpack.
- **[Next Shopify Storefront (v2)](https://github.com/Maxvien/next-shopify-storefront/tree/v2)** • A Shopping Cart built with TypeScript, Emotion, Next.js, React.js, React Query, Shopify Storefront GraphQL API, ... and Material UI.
- **[Next Shopify Storefront (v1)](https://github.com/Maxvien/next-shopify-storefront/tree/v1)** • A Shopping Cart built with TypeScript, NextJS, React, Redux, Apollo Client, Shopify Storefront GraphQL API, ... and Material UI.

## Star History

[![Star History Chart](https://api.star-history.com/svg?repos=Maxvien/next-shopify-storefront&type=Date)](https://star-history.com/#Maxvien/next-shopify-storefront&Date)

Commit message:

docs: add a tutorial about variant selector

README.md, after:

# 🛍 Next Shopify Storefront

A **[Shopping Cart](https://github.com/Maxvien/next-shopify-storefront)** built with [TypeScript](https://www.typescriptlang.org), [Tailwind CSS](https://tailwindcss.com), [Headless UI](https://headlessui.com), [Next.js](https://nextjs.org), [React.js](https://react.dev), [Shopify Hydrogen React](https://shopify.dev/docs/api/hydrogen-react),... and [Shopify Storefront GraphQL API](https://shopify.dev/docs/api/storefront).

## Tutorials

- [How Do I Organize a Sustainable Next.js Project?](https://github.com/Maxvien/next-shopify-storefront/issues/68)
- [How Do I Handle Typesafe Modular Data Fetching in Next.js?](https://github.com/Maxvien/next-shopify-storefront/issues/69)
- [How Do I Interact Safely with GraphQL API in Next.js?](https://github.com/Maxvien/next-shopify-storefront/issues/70)
- [How Do I Implement Dynamic Variant Selector for Shopify in Next.js?](https://github.com/Maxvien/next-shopify-storefront/issues/71)

## Experience

These are my experiences when I have been working on this project:

- Designing & Building the [Storefront](https://github.com/maxvien/next-shopify-storefront) from Scratch.
- Creating [Next Utilities](https://www.npmjs.com/package/@maxvien/next) for Type-safe Modular Data Fetching.
- Creating [Shopify Utilities](https://www.npmjs.com/package/@maxvien/shopify) to Simplify Variant Selecting.
- Using [GraphQL Zeus](https://github.com/graphql-editor/graphql-zeus) to Interact with Storefront API.
- Using [Shopify Hydrogen](https://shopify.dev/docs/custom-storefronts/hydrogen-react) to Implement Storefront Features.
- Using [Tailwind CSS](https://tailwindcss.com/) & [Headless UI](https://headlessui.com/) to Build the Storefront UI.
- Using [Next.js](https://nextjs.org/) for Incremental Static Regeneration.
- Using [Next SEO](https://www.npmjs.com/package/next-seo) to Implement Search Engine Optimization.
- Using [TypeScript](https://www.typescriptlang.org/) to Safely Create React Hooks, and Components.
- Using [React Use](https://github.com/streamich/react-use) Hooks to Speed Up Component Development.
- Using [Swiper](https://swiperjs.com/) to Create Beautiful, Touchable, Responsive Sliders.
- Using [ESlint](https://eslint.org/), [Prettier](https://prettier.io/) to Follow Next.js Best Practices.

If you like this project, hit the **STAR** button to bookmark it ⭐️

[<img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/appcraftstudio/buymeacoffee/master/Images/snapshot-bmc-button.png" height="48"/>](https://www.buymeacoffee.com/maxvien)

## Demonstration

You can visit here to see the demo: https://next-shopify-storefront.vercel.app/

## Installation

Clone the source code into your computer.

```bash
git clone https://github.com/maxvien/next-shopify-storefront.git
```

Install the project's dependencies.

```bash
npm install
```

## Usage

First, you need to set the below environment variables in the `.env` file or your deployment platforms.

- `NEXT_PUBLIC_SHOPIFY_STORE_DOMAIN`
- `NEXT_PUBLIC_SHOPIFY_STOREFRONT_API_TOKEN`
- `NEXT_PUBLIC_SHOPIFY_STOREFRONT_API_VERSION`

You can follow the [Shopify Storefront GraphQL API](https://shopify.dev/api/storefront/getting-started) documentation to get Storefront API information.

### Develop

Develop the project in development mode.

```bash
npm run dev
```

### Build

Build the project in production mode.

```bash
npm run build
```

### Start

Start the project in production mode.

```bash
npm run start
```

### Lint

Analyze the code to find problems with `eslint` and `prettier`.

```bash
npm run lint
```

Automatically fix problems.

```bash
npm run fix
```

## Visual Studio Code Extensions

To speed up your productivity, you can install these extensions:

- [Eslint](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=dbaeumer.vscode-eslint)
- [Prettier](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=esbenp.prettier-vscode)
- [Visual Studio IntelliCode](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=VisualStudioExptTeam.vscodeintellicode)
- [Tailwind CSS IntelliSense](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=bradlc.vscode-tailwindcss)
- [PostCSS Language Support](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=csstools.postcss)

## Related Projects

- **[Shopify Data Faker](https://github.com/Maxvien/shopify-data-faker)** • A Shopify development tool for generating dummy store data.
- **[Bootstrap Shopify Theme](https://github.com/Maxvien/bootstrap-shopify-theme/tree/v1)** • A free Shopify Theme built with Bootstrap, BEM, Liquid, Sass, ESNext, Theme Tools, ... and Webpack.
- **[Next Shopify Storefront (v2)](https://github.com/Maxvien/next-shopify-storefront/tree/v2)** • A Shopping Cart built with TypeScript, Emotion, Next.js, React.js, React Query, Shopify Storefront GraphQL API, ... and Material UI.
- **[Next Shopify Storefront (v1)](https://github.com/Maxvien/next-shopify-storefront/tree/v1)** • A Shopping Cart built with TypeScript, NextJS, React, Redux, Apollo Client, Shopify Storefront GraphQL API, ... and Material UI.

## Star History

[![Star History Chart](https://api.star-history.com/svg?repos=Maxvien/next-shopify-storefront&type=Date)](https://star-history.com/#Maxvien/next-shopify-storefront&Date)
